Can I win an Emmy for my YouTube series?
I have dreamt about this for years. My
ultimate goal get nominated for an Emmy.
We're going for a primetime Emmy this
[music] year. And it has taken all of
that time to even get this close. We
recreated the Mission Impossible stunt.
>> [music]
>> Harry Houdini's deadliest trick.
>> Houdini's most infamous creation.
>> I even spent a week at [music] Secret
Service Academy.
Respond to site one. And we did it all
ourselves [music]
without a big network funding our ideas.
This week we're releasing the most
[music] difficult thing I have ever
attempted. Seven marathons on all seven
continents in one week. My hope is that
if you're a content creator with a big
dream, maybe one day you can win an
Emmy, too. Primetime Emmy,
>> [music]
>> challenge accepted.
Challenge Accepted is up for your
consideration in all relevant
categories. Most notably, outstanding
hosted non-fiction series or special,
cinematography, and directing. Thank you
so much.